(Episode 25)
That moment felt like a gift.
I was thankful for all the choices I've made...
because they brought this moment to me.
The choices that seemed foolish at the time...
were actually wise decisions.
Even all the choices that I regretted...
eventually proved to be right.
Everything made my heart flutter...
and looked so lovely.
I was relieved...
about everything.
But there was one thing.
Would he be doing well?
What?
You know, the man we met at the lake.
That police officer. He tried to take his own life.
I've thought about him once in a while. I worry about him too.
Don't worry. He's doing well.
Really? How do you know?
Where does he live?
That man sent us money again.
I neither know where he lives...
nor what his name is,
but I know that he's alive.
So, you don't need to worry.
I'm relieved. That's all I needed to know.
As long as he's alive.
"Even if life deceives you,"
"don't be sad or angry."
"Your heart lives in the future."
"The present is always sad."
"Everything is momentary and will pass."
"And what passes..."
"will become precious in the future."
My, they're such wise words.
My gosh, you totally startled me.
Hey, I'm hungry.
I want to eat something.
Okay, I'll bring you food right away.
Hey, you're not thinking of doing something crazy, right?
I won't go anywhere.
I won't do anything crazy either.
My life...
shouldn't end now.
There's someone...
I must meet later on in life.
Will we be able to recognize each other if we meet again?
I mean, we didn't recognize each other either.
Wouldn't it be the same with him?
I know, right?
It's possible that we crossed paths but didn't recognize each other.
Why do you ask? Do you want to meet him?
Yes. What about you?
I do too.
But do you think that he'll want to meet us as well?
I'm not sure.
When we met him again later on, he said...
that he had thought about us and missed us a lot more...
and that he had wanted...
to meet us again more desperately.
When he came to meet us after many twists and turns in life,
we couldn't recognize him for a pretty long time.
And like little waves,
small incidents that were scattered...
started coming together one by one and stepping towards us.
Merging into high waves,
they began...
guiding us towards  him.
(Episode 25: We're on Our Way to Meet You Now)
Will there be no funeral?
There's no one to come anyway.
You look hideous in that suit.
I don't have anything black, so I threw on my brother's suit.
His limbs are unnecessarily long.
Yes, they are unnecessarily long indeed.
You've seen my brother?
I've been to one of his trials.
Seriously?
Yes.
He compared justice to river...
and totally beat the opposing counsel.
It was so gratifying to watch.
I felt thankful too.
Thankful? What for?
The opposing counsel...
was the person who did this to my dad.
Who is it?
Prosecutor Lee Yu Beom.
No.
He's a lawyer now.
(Passbook)
It's not like you'll have more money if you put that in again.
- Oh, hello. - Lawyer Lee.
Why does my account balance look like this when I got paid today?
It's because it feels like forever to wait for the next payday,
but your money goes out at the speed of light.
Exactly.
Both of you should come work at my firm.
I'll make sure the waiting doesn't feel like forever.
Are you serious?
Tell me your expected salary range, and we'll negotiate.
Your position will be guaranteed until retirement,
and you'll get to leave right on time every day.
I'd love that. I'd really love to work at your firm.
What about you, Mr. Choi?
I already told you how I feel about it.
I'm not interested.
I... I'm interested. I'm very interested.
For you, there's one condition.
You must persuade Mr. Choi and come with him.
I'll be waiting for you, Mr. Choi.
What kind of condition is that?
Am I just an extra?
A freebie? Is this a buy-1-get-1-free deal?
Ms. Moon.
Let's not tell Mr. Jung about what Lawyer Lee said to us.
Don't tell anyone else either.
I'm really disappointed in you.
Do I look like the type to spread such a thing?
Don't you know me?
Are you saying Yu Beom is trying to recruit Mr. Choi?
Yes. He said he'd work around Mr. Choi's expected salary range.
He's trying so hard to lure him.
Gosh, Mr. Choi has a strong sense of duty.
There's no way that offer will...
There is. There is a thing called the right answer.
His position will be guaranteed until retirement,
and he'll get his own south-facing office.
He'll even get a company credit card.
Anyone in their right mind...
will submit a letter of resignation right away.
I know that he'd much rather work with me than work with Yu Beom...
No, he doesn't. You frustrate us because you're so slow.
All you do is dig like a groundhog.
You make him pull all-nighters and drag him out to sites.
My eyes are about to well up with tears because I feel so bad for him.
So what do you want me to do? Why are you telling me this anyway?
Be good to him before you lose him.
Flatter him here and there and try to charm him.
Give him some gifts too.
Gosh, forget it. If I have to force him to stay,
I don't want him to stay.
I'm off.
That didn't work.
Gosh, why is this box empty? Goodness.
Thank you.
Ms. Moon told me everything.
I heard Yu Beom gave you an offer for a position.
Ms. Moon, I can't believe you told him already.
Mr. Jung, how can you tell him right away?
I think you should work at his firm if what he's offering is better.
Oh, okay.
Hold on a second.
Sorry?
It's okay. I'll do it myself.
- Gosh, I can... - Just stay still.
I don't want to force you to stay,
and I can't promise you that I'll be better to you...
just to sugarcoat things.
You're the one who will be making the choice after all.
I won't resent you even if you decide to leave.
What?
Let's make a V.
Please don't worry about me, and don't feel pressured to stay.
Take your time with the decision.
Okay.
(With my mentor)
(Prosecutor Jung Jae Chan)
We really need to get started on the "Three-day Experience" story.
Things like deep-sea fishing...
or working at a grape farm are nothing new.
Let's try something more original.
How about experiencing pregnancy for three days?
The shape of what I'm wearing now is exactly the same...
as the body shape in the eighth month of pregnancy.
We can wear this for three days and do day-to-day things...
like riding the subway to experience what it's like to be pregnant.
We'll be able to learn what society can do for pregnant women.
Okay, let's keep that idea. Anything else?
Well, what do you think about three days at the prosecution?
We rarely get an opportunity to peek into prosecutors' daily lives.
It's a good idea, but it's not doable.
They'll never give us permission to do that.
For confidentiality reasons and to protect suspects' human rights,
they won't let us shoot. They'll list all sorts of reasons.
They'll give us permission.
The district attorney of the Hangang office is media-friendly, you know.
I actually met him when he had tea with reporters recently.
I explained the objectives, and he seemed pretty positive about it.
You should've said that first.
Then let's keep that one too.
Du Hyun, don't you think it'll be more meaningful for a guy...
to experience what it's like to be pregnant?
Yes. Men have no idea what it's like,
so it'll more meaningful that way.
Okay. Then you should spend three days at the prosecution, Hong Joo.
Du Hyun, you'll need to experience pregnancy.
Sure. Pardon me?
Why me?
What about all the underlings here?
You just said it yourself...
it'll be more meaningful if a guy does it.
The one who understands it the best should do it. In other words, you.
Captain!
Du Hyun, you look so cool.
Du Hyun, you're my role model.
Too bad.
You'll be named Reporter of the Year again.
I'm in trouble. Spending three days at the prosecution will be so tough.
Hey! The prosecution is...
Pregnant women have it much harder!
My, look at you. Du Hyun, you sure understand...
the difficulties pregnant women face better than anyone else does.
I'll be so looking forward to your story.
Give him a round of applause!
Best of luck!
May you be blessed.
- I admire you! - All of you have gone crazy.
- It suits you! - Go for it!
Mr. Choi, can you please not accept Yu Beom's offer?
That sounds awkward.
Don't leave.
Will that sound too brazen?
"Please don't leave." Is that better?
"Don't go to..."
Jae Chan.
What's up?
Don't go to Yu Beom.
Gosh! I'm in trouble.
Hey, I touched the send button by mistake because of you!
What? What did I do?
Gosh, I was rude in the text I just sent to Mr. Choi. What should I do?
Check it.
I won't go.
Nice, he said he won't go.
He won't go! He won't leave me.
I love you, Mr. Choi.
Jae Chan.
What? What is it?
Why is Dae Gu even entrusting you with this?
What is it?
I have a friend named Myung Dae Gu.
He wants you to take a look at it.
Myung Dae Gu?
This looks like someone's last will.
Yes. You know the serial killer who took his own life in jail, right?
That's his will.
Why do you have this?
He's Dae Gu's father.
He wants you to read through it.
Me? Why?
He thinks that his father died an extremely unfair death.
He's hoping you can clear his name.
Hey, who thinks being locked up in jail is fair?
Everyone thinks it's unfair.
But still, you should read it.
I've read it, and it doesn't seem right.
And something else gives me a bad feeling.
Yu Beom was the prosecutor in charge of the case.
This case even earned him an award from the Public Prosecutor General.
(My job was to save people, but I became a man who kills them.)
(There is no way for me to prove my innocence.)
(June 16, 2016, Sincerely, Myung Yi Suk)
The work I did...
for the corruption scandal and the serial murder case earned me...
an award from the Public Prosecutor General.
All I did was put down a spoon on a table...
that was already set by Mr. Choi, but I even got an award.
Gosh, that's not true.
Shall we raid him now?
No, later.
Let's raid him and the dealer together when they meet up.
(Power off)
(Please return my phone. I will pay you.)
(I'll give you 5,000 dollars. I won't report you to the police.)
(I'll give you 10,000 dollars. 1pm tomorrow at Chungil Underpass.)
10,000 dollars?
What's in this phone? Why is this person willing to pay that much?
[VIU Ver] E25 While You Were Sleeping
"We're on Our Way to Meet You Now"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Got you.
Jae Chan.
You think that police officer may have dreams about us too?
Yes. Woo Tak and I have talked about how our dreams may have begun.
According to that rule,
he must be having dreams about us too.
Rule? What rule?
The person who saved us in a life-or-death situation.
I think we're having dreams about that person.
I mainly have dreams about Jae Chan,
whereas he usually sees Hong Joo in his dreams.
Could that be true?
When I first heard his theory, I also thought it was nonsense,
since I had no idea that you were Chestnut.
But it makes sense now because you're Chestnut.
You saved my life 13 years ago at the lake,
and I saved Woo Tak's life by preventing the car accident.
Oh, I get it. It does make sense.
But why do we have those dreams?
This is how I felt upon surviving the near-death experience.
"I could've really died."
"I want to make sure I can repay him for saving my life."
That thought must be what started those dreams.
The dreams where we see the future of the person who saved our lives.
What do you think? Isn't it a plausible theory?
It is.
(A dead body on a mattress)
We saved that police officer's life at the lake,
so according to that rule,
he must be able to foresee our future in his dreams.
(Nam Hong Joo dies!)
That's right.
Then he must know what you guys look like.
I'm sure he knows where you live too.
Well...
- Probably. - No way.
I really don't think it makes sense.
Had your hypothesis been right, he would've already come to meet us.
Do you think he would want to meet you?
It's not like he met you guys through something nice.
Crossing paths again will only bring up painful memories.
Do you think so?
Yes.
What's the matter?
What? It's nothing. Don't mind me.
Oh. Starting today, I'll be going to Criminal Division Three for a story.
- For the next three days. - Why?
You mean, our office? For three days?
Oh, it must be for "Three-day Experience".
It's such an interesting segment.
Does that mean you get to see Prosecutor Jung at his workplace?
Hey, you!
All of it happened because of you!
Goodness, is he an undercover inspector or what?
- Gosh! - My gosh!
Oh, no. Are you okay?
You did it on purpose, right?
He probably thinks that he's a groundhog or something.
I forgot about it for a second.
That's why no one is welcoming him.
Gosh...
I'll probably be glued to you for the next three days.
To me?
The district attorney picked the most competent...
and good-looking prosecutor in the division as an interviewee.
The most competent and good-looking prosecutor? That sounds like you.
Will it be me?
Nice to meet you. I'm Prosecutor Shin Hee Min.
We've met before, right?
I'm Nam Hong Joo from SBC. Thank you in advance for your help.
All right, Ms. Shin.
Please help Ms. Nam out so that she can show the viewers...
everything about the prosecution.
Of course. Please don't worry.
Please follow me.
Have a good day.
Goodness.
Oh, boy.
She and Mr. Jung are close. You should've picked him instead.
- Why did you pick Ms. Shin? - Exactly.
Sir, I guess you didn't mean it when you said you're fond of Mr. Jung.
Mr. Jung, that must've hurt your feelings.
No, I'm fine.
Goodness, you guys are so clueless.
I didn't pick him because I'm fond of him.
They're head over heels for each other now.
If she observes him for three days,
she'll be left with shattered fantasy and disappointment.
Why would her fantasy get shattered?
What's wrong with Mr. Jung?
Who has the most number of unsolved cases in our department?
Mr. Jung.
Whose case reports have the most number of typos?
Who's the one that spends a month on a simple theft case,
which other prosecutors would finish in a week?
That's Mr. Jung too.
Then tell me. Will her fantasy about him be shattered or not?
It will be shattered.
Are you grateful for what I did or not?
Thank you.
Mr. Jung. Let's work harder, okay?
Okay.
(Prosecutor's Office, Prosecutor: Shin Hee Min)
You sold balloon flower root powder to cancer patients,
saying that it's a miracle cure, right?
What? Ball... Balloon flower root?
I don't understand Korean very well.
Is there anybody who speaks English around here?
I'm a very good person.
I'm a nice guy.
How dare you call yourself a good person?
When all you've done is take advantage of other people.
I know you speak Korean better than your English,
so stop trying and speak Korean.
Well, Prosecutor.
I'm telling you. I really sold them with good intentions,
with good intentions only.
That can't justify violation of the law.
I honestly didn't know that it's considered a crime.
If I knew,
I'd gladly accept the punishment.
No one accepts punishment gladly.
It's not some kind of candy.
It's meant to be bitter,
so accept it as it is.
She's so impressive.
Just be glad that Ms. Shin is a woman.
She'd be head over heels for her if she was a guy.
She would be indeed.
Hey, cheer up.
I'll let you borrow Red whenever you need it.
- Seriously? - Yes.
Thank you so much, Mr. Lee. You're the best.
Then how about you cover my night duty to show your gratitude?
Sure, do you have plans this evening?
Yes, I do.
With whom?
Well, you know. Bye.
- See you. - Whom are you meeting?
Just someone.
Bye.
I can take you out on a date today!
You came at the perfect time.
Come join us.
All right.
I want to thank both of you.
- Pardon? - For what?
For staying by my side even though I'm full of flaws.
What's he saying?
Mr. Choi.
I told you that I won't leave. I won't go anywhere, okay?
I'll stay by your side.
I'll work here until I retire, so stop going on about it already.
I can't help but cringe every time you're being like this.
No, it's not about that.
Do you happen to know a man named Myung Yi Suk?
Myung Yi Suk? I know about him too.
He's the notorious serial killer who killed people via intravenous drip.
He took his own life recently.
I heard that Yu Beom was in charge of the case at the Yeonju office.
Did you work on the case with him, Mr. Choi?
Yes, I did. Why do you ask?
I happened to read his will and letters of appeal.
There are a few things that I'm apprehensive about.
Everything about that case was pretty clear.
Criminals always come up with plausible stories and excuses.
You pity them and feel that they might have been wronged,
but you'll get in serious trouble if you fall for that.
Right.
Punctuality really matters in transactions like this.
What is going on here? Did that person fool me or what?
Did you bring the phone?
Where's the money?
By the way, what's in that phone?
Why would you drop 10,000 dollars just to get it back?
What's wrong? Were you being tailed?
- Darn it. - Guys, don't let that rat get away!
- Hey! - That little... Get him.
- Hey. - Gosh!
- Stop! - Get him!
Hey!
You know the restaurant over there, right?
I heard they were featured in a TV show. Shall we check it out?
The light has turned green. It's fully charged now.
- Kyung Han. - Yes?
I'm just wondering...
Isn't that guy Detective Ko?
Yes, it's him.
What's he doing?
Hey, you punk!
Hey, Detective Ko. What is going on?
- The gray shirt. - The gray one?
He's a stolen phone dealer.
We must catch him!
Gray... Gray shirt...
Gosh.
Gray...
Hey, Woo Tak. He's wearing plaid pants.
I'm Lieutenant Han Woo Tak from Sangku Division.
Please stop now.
Let go! Let go of me!
I'm the victim.
Then why did you try to run away?
Because they came after me.
We can talk at the station.
Let go!
(Episode 26 will air shortly.)